My Vision, My Passion, and My Race

Pastor Remmy-Greenpasture Adekunle Peter.
(President & Founder of RATOLF)

Hebrew 12:1

Therefore we also, since we are surrounded by so great a cloud of witnesses, let us lay aside every weight and the sin which so easily ensnares us, and let us run with endurance the race that is set before us,

According to the scripture Hebrew 12:1, it is my privilege to share the vision that was set before me and the race that I have to RUN. I would like to share with you how I received the call of God, my history, my vision, and how far I have gone with the vision.

My History

To the glory of God Almighty, I was called into the ministry in 1988, August 12. On August the 12th, I had a revelation that launched me into my calling. I can never forget the revelation in my lifetime because it was written as if on a tablet in my heart and it can never be wiped off. I was in a village in this dream, and Jesus came to the village to look for me. He saw some children playing on the field and he told them that He is looking for Peter and there was only one person bearing the name Peter in the entire village. My friends ran to me to call me and tell me that a white man was looking for me. I was surprised and I asked, “A white man in our village?”

I ran quickly to meet the white man. I looked at the white man, it was Jesus Christ. He gave me a Bible and He said to me, “Go into all the world and preach the gospel to every creature.” (Mark 16:15), “In 20 years’ time, you will be in America.” On the front cover and back cover of the Bible that was given to me it was written, “GOLDEN BIBLE”.  After He delivered the message to me He left, and I was very happy to show my friends my “GOLDEN BIBLE” because there was no one that had such a Bible in the village and in the whole nation.

When I woke up from my dream, I was worried because I didn’t know the meaning of the dream, after all, I was only 21 years old. At that time, I was a member of Scripture Union. I ran quickly to the Scripture Union Coordinator, Brother Tayo, now Bishop Tayo Odunuga, (Late), to share my dream with him. He explained to me that the revelation I was shown was the calling of God upon my life. Even though he had been telling me before that time that I had the call of God, I didn’t understand what the call of God was all about. Brother Tayo later started his own ministry, and he became the Bishop of his own ministry, CHRIST LOVE EVANGELICAL MINISTRIES. Bishop Tayo Odunaga has since gone home to rest. May his soul Rest in Peace.

After my encounter with the Lord Jesus Christ in 1988, I had a passion to reach the unreached with the Gospel of Christ Jesus. This prompted me to start going to several villages in Ijebu Land, Ogun State in Nigeria to preach the Gospel of Jesus Christ. When I was in secondary school everyone called me ‘Pastor’ because I usually preached to my fellow students. I was also the assistant secretary in my school fellowship but when I received the call of God the fire in me doubled. I told my fellow Christians that villages had been neglected and many preachers did not want to go to villages to preach, they preferred to go and preach and hold crusades in towns and in the cities because they feared death. I cried to God that many souls were dying every day in those villages and there is no one to preach to them. I told God, “Here I am, send me, I am ready to go to the villages, to go and preach the Gospel of Jesus Christ to reach the unreached.” I feared no death and I told myself that I was ready to die for the sake of the Gospel.

I did not waste any time! Immediately I had understanding that the call of God is upon my life to take the Gospel of Christ to the unreached people, I started preaching the Gospel of Christ from street to street in Ijebu Ode in 1988. Someone who knew me and the gift of God upon my life introduced me to a brother, his name is Gbenga Odusanya. Brother Gbenga told me about their village youth fellowship, and he wanted me to come and preach the Gospel to them.

I went to their village to preach the Gospel to the youths and also to the secondary school students in their village and God worked in a miraculous way each time I preached. Miracles happened among the youths, schools and my name was spread all over the village and the surrounding area. I held my first village crusade in OdesenboraIlugun, Ijebu-Ode in 1988. God performed miracles among the youths and adults, and it was a glorious day. The entire village and 2 other villages around the area also were affected by the fire of the revival of the Lord.

By this time that I started holding crusades in these villages there was no electricity, and the roads were extremely bad. Darkness occupied the villages, and the people didn’t want light at all. That is why many of the preachers ran away from coming to preach in those villages then. Those who came before me to preach were chased away by the evil possessed people, the leaders of the villages chased them and some of them lost their lives.

I was 21 years old and looked small in stature, therefore they counted what I was doing then as child’s play. Before they realized what was happening, the fire of the Lord, the fire of Revival had already spread all over mostly among the youth in the villages. This led to the leader of the Anglican Church in the village accusing me of bringing a strange religion into their Church and their community. Our prayers at that time scattered their evil kingdoms and that was the beginning of my persecution.

During this time there were no good roads leading to some of these villages, furthermore, most of the brothers that followed me were students in the secondary school. We didn’t have money to sponsor some of our trips to these villages, but we lived by faith. Many times, I had to do some petty jobs to sponsor our transportation and food costs. Several times we had to walk from Ijebu-Ode to Odosenbora which is a distance of about six to seven miles. After resting for some hours or a day in some of the villages we would then proceed on another journey to other villages which would take us about 7 miles or more by trekking. At that time, we were very young and had strength so we didn’t tire easily from all this walking.

The spirit that was driving me then, was the Spirit of God. He led me to reach the unreached to take the Gospel of Jesus Christ to these villages. By God’s grace within 2 to 3 years of holding crusades and engaging in prayers, the Fire of Revival spread out among the youths and old men and women in the villages and many people gave their lives to the Lord Jesus Christ. God used our prayers to suppress the people of the darkness in those villages, and within 3 years electricity was installed and good roads were built which could reach the villages at that time.

My Persecution
At the time that I was traveling to preach in those villages, I was 21 years old and my family believed I was going into dangerous zones, these are places where some of the great pastors chose not to go. My family was afraid of losing me. I was called for a family meeting in my home townEpe in Lagos State. In the meeting, I was told to stop going to the villages to preach the Gospel because they feared I would be killed by the demonic power that controls the villages. I told my family that I am ready to die for the sake of the Gospel of Christ Jesus because Jesus Christ said: Whoever finds his life will lose it, and whoever loses his life for my sake will find it. Matthew 10:39.

As a result of my stance, the entire family rejected me as their son because of the Gospel. Nonetheless, with confidence in Jesus Christ who I accepted and received in my life as my God and my Savior, I told my family that, when my father and my mother forsake me, the LORD will take me up. Psalm 27: 10.

Though I faced a lot of persecution, hard suffering, pain and rejection etc, all these things did not stop me from preaching the Gospel of the LORD JESUS CHIST. I was attacked many times on this journey. There was a time that I was sick and slept for 3 full days in a row without waking up. My enemies thought that was the end of my life,  thinking that I was dead and that they had finished me off. To their surprise, I woke from my sleep on the third day like my LORD JESUS CHRIST. After I had woken up from my deep sleep, that same week I traveled to preach again in village where the severe attack on me had come from. Immediately I alighted from the bus at the bus stop, I saw many people running away from me! Some ran quickly inside their houses and shut their door. The people thought they had seen my Ghost because they thought I was dead, hence seeing me again in the village was a big shock to them. I did not allow what happened to me to disturb me from preaching the Gospel of Christ.  I continued to preach the Gospel of Christ in villages, towns, and cities working with Ministries in Nigeria for a prolonged period until God asked me to leave Nigeria to go to South Africa in 2004.

😀😄😍💗

The Fruits that Remain
I want to give thanks to God almighty that many of the youths that I preached to in those villages are doing well in the kingdom of God working for God and committed to the work of the ministry. They are mature men and women now doing exploits for the Kingdom of God. Among them today we have Pastors, Serving overseers of their own Ministries, Lawyers, Businessmen and women. I want to use this time to thank God and to remember some of my converts who had slept in the Lord, May their souls rest in Peace.

To this end, what prompted me to start RIVER AND TREE OF LIFE FOUNDATION is the passion that I have for the Gospel of Jesus Christ to reach the unreached. My passion is to Train, Mentor, and Equip (TME) the small Churches in the villages, towns and cities in Nigeria, other African nations, and all across the world so that they can achieve their purpose and their calling in their community, in their nations for the work of GOD at this end time.

I have to share my Calling, my Vision and my History with you all for you to know the purpose of this Organization called, RIVER AND TREE OF LIFE FOUNDATION (RTLF) I am not starting this foundation to enrich myself but to support small Churches, ministries, communities, and the less privileged.

So many big ministries today have neglected the small Churches but have rather chosen to concentrate on building mega buildings for themselves, which is admirable, if they could also lend help to the growth of other small Churches or Ministries. Jesus Christ said, My Father work hitherto, and I work. John 5:17. Let us all do the work that God has committed into our hands, Mara’nathah. (Our LORD is coming soon)

-----------------------------------------------------------
Dr. Funmi Andrew:
Associate Director of Programs
(RATOLF)

Dr Funmi Olamide ANDREWS is the president, FUNMI ANDREWS FOUNDATION, and RESTORERS' BAND an arm of Funmi Andrews Foundation, with the mission to reach out to and restore men to Christ. Has ministered within and outside Lagos.
A trained accountant from the Institute of Chartered Accountant of Nigeria.
Holds a diploma certificate in music from Lagos state school of music.
A Leadership certificate from Day Star Academy, also a Basic Certificate Course, 
Leadership diploma course and Leadership certificate Course from Word of Faith Bible institute.

Worked at MIKANO INTERNATIONAL, as an Account Officer, also worked at OAO and CO (AuditFirm) as an Audit Officer, and Managing Director of Silvery Vest Ltd, a Subsidiary of Olydite group international.
She is an Ordained Minister, music director of Pentecostal fellowship of Nigeria(PFN) Agege/Ogba Province, and assistant music director of Lagos state (PFN), mother of lovely children.

She hails from IpetuIjesha, Osun State Nigeria, she is the Author of the book “OFFERING ACCEPTABLE PRAISE” and owes three music albums to her name: RESTORING PRAISE, THE BLESSER and THE TURNAROUND. She was the Lagos Representative of Gospel music Ally of Nigeria, and now the assistant Governor of Gospel music Ally.
She is currently the CEO OF TRIBLESA GLOBAL SERVICES LIMITED


-----------------------------------------------------------

Ms. EphrathahArah James
Director Network Relations


Arah James is a gender-based violence activist and has worked with NGO’s such as Women Against Rape (WAR), Professional Organization for Women in Antigua (POWA) advocating for gender parity and gender security.  She has also worked with Community Charitable Ministries (CCM) in addressing the issues of the poor and ostracized in the society.
She has used her gifts and talents while working with El Shaddai Promotions to spearhead Christian based talent shows in Antigua Barbuda.  She has hosted and performed on many of these dinners and galas.

Arah is a member of the United Progressive party (UPP) a political organization in Antigua Barbuda.  She holds the position Secretary of the St. Peter’s Parish Branch and served as the Public Relations Officer of the Women’s Forum.  She also served as a member of the Movement a political watchdog advocating for political and constitutional change

Arah has worked extensively as an Administrator and Liaison Officer with the government of Antigua and Barbuda and other private entities.  She is convinced according to 1 Corinthians 12: 28 that she has been anointed with the gifts of helps and administration.  She loves planning, coordinating, and seeing programs come together.  She is passionate about her walk with the Lord and believes that “we can win by righteousness”.Arah currently functions in the position of Executive Network Relations for the River and the Tree of Life Foundation and serves as the Vice Chairman of the RATOLF Events Planning Committee.

---------------------------------------

Compassion
Sharing the Love of Christ
Following the example of Jesus Christ, who met people’s physical needs along with their spiritual needs, we provide help to those who are needy and suffering.	
Following the example of our Savior, who met people’s physical needs along with their spiritual needs, we provide help to those who are needy and suffering through indigenous ministries.
When disasters strike in remote regions, missionaries are often the first responders, taking every opportunity to share the hope they have in Jesus Christ. Likewise, RATOLF will care for those whom society has rejected, including orphans, Homeless, street children, and widows/ widowers. RATOLF will provide shelter and protect persecuted believers and the families of Christian martyrs.
With the help from God RATOLF will provide missionaries and Individuals with the resources they need for compassionate outreach—resources like food for the hungry, medicine for the sick, provision for the persecuted, and children’s homes for the orphan.

-----------------------------------

Community Empowerment
What Is Community Empowerment according to (World Health Organisation, WHO)
Community empowerment refers to the process of enabling communities to increase control over their lives. “Communities” are groups of people that may or may not be spatially connected, but who share common interests, concerns, or identities. These communities could be local, national, or international, with specific or broad interests. ‘Empowerment’ refers to the process by which people gain control over the factors and decisions that shape their lives. It is the process by which they increase their assets and attributes and build capacities to gain access, partners, networks, and/or a voice, to gain control. “Enabling” implies that people cannot “be empowered” by others; they can only empower themselves by acquiring more of power’s different forms (Laverack, 2008). It assumes that people are their own assets, and the role of the external agent is to catalyse, facilitate or “accompany” the community in acquiring power.
Community empowerment, therefore, is more than the involvement, participation, or engagement of communities. It implies community ownership and action that explicitly aims at social and political change. Community empowerment is a process of re-negotiating power in order to gain more control. It recognizes that if some people are going to be empowered, then others will be sharing their existing power and giving some of it up (Baum, 2008). Power is a central concept in community empowerment and health promotion invariably operates within the arena of a power struggle.
Community empowerment necessarily addresses the social, cultural, political, and economic determinants that underpin health, and seeks to build partnerships with other sectors in finding solutions.

---------------------------------

Compassion

Sharing the Love of Christ

Following the example of Jesus Christ, who met people’s physical needs along with their spiritual needs, we provide help to those who are needy and suffering.

Following the example of our Savior, who met people’s physical needs along with their spiritual needs, we provide help to those who are needy and suffering through indigenous ministries.

When disasters strike in remote regions, missionaries are often the first responders, taking every opportunity to share the hope they have in Jesus Christ. Likewise, RATOLF will care for those whom society has rejected, including Orphan, Homeless, street children, and widows/ widowers. RATOLF will provide shelter and protect persecuted believers and the families of Christian martyrs.

With the help from God RATOLF will provides missionaries and Individual with the resources they need for compassionate outreach—resources like food for the hungry, medicine for the sick, provision for the persecuted, and children’s homes for the orphan.

-------------------------------

General Donation


When you give a financial gift to support the outreaches of River and Tree of Life Foundation you are helping to share Christ and love people all over the nations of Africa and the world.

When you select to give monthly, that will begin your partnership with River and Tree of Life Foundation and as a thank you gift our prayer warrior team will be praying for you daily presenting your gift of Love to God Almighty as a sweet-smellingsavour.

We are committed to Financial Accountability: At River and Tree of Life Foundation, we want you to be confident your gifts are being used in the best way possible.
We are in the process of being accredited by the Christian Pentecostal Fellowship for Financial Accountability for transparency.

Designated Giving: your gift will be applied to another outreach in need.

Financial Practice: River and Tree of Life Foundation would be voluntarily audited each year by an independent public accounting firm.



BANK ACCOUNT:
RIVER AND TREE OF LIFE FOUNDATION
ZENITH BANK PLC, NIGERIA.
Account number: 1016970831
Branch sort code: 057080028
Swift Code: ZEIBNGLA.

-------------------------------

MISSION TO THE NEGLECTED ONES AND CHILDREN FROM BROKEN HOMES
There are many children today who are vulnerable and have been exposed to different kinds of abuse all over the world. Most especially in Africa where many governments don’t show any caring for the children growing up. 
Many girls, boys, andteenagers have been exposed to sexual harassment and manyare victims of rape and different kinds of abuse. We have heard many stories of a father’s having sex with their daughter(s), and unclesraping girls put under their care.
All types of abuse and neglect leave lasting scars. Some of these scars might be physical, but emotional scarring might have long-lasting effects throughout life, damaging a child’s sense of self, future relationships, and ability to function at home, work, and school.Some of these scars still affect them even when they get married. Only through prayers, the word of God,andmultiple Biblical counseling canthe scars in the heart of abused and neglected children be cured
Our mission is to educate the neglected children and be responsible for their well-being. Some of these neglected ones do not have the capacity to study in high school or the university, but we can educate themto obtain anapprenticeship. Our organization will equip them with relevant types of machinery they will need to set up their business in the future. As we all know apprenticeship is a system for training a new generation of practitioners of a trade or profession with on-the-job training and often some accompanying study. At the end of their study, we would give them a license/certificate to practice in a regulated occupation or to own their own company.
All these things depend on their vision and their dream. Learning apprenticeship is a way of empowering the less privileged and these people can become great entrepreneurs in the future, by doing we are building and positively empowering our generation.
Our mission is to support and gather resources to prevent child abuse and neglected ones in our communities.


-------------------------------

RIVER AND TREE OF LIFE FOUNDATION (RATOLF)
And he showed me a pure river of water of life, clear as crystal, proceeding from the throne of God and of the Lamb.  In the middle of its street, and on either side of the river, was the tree of life, which bore twelve fruits, each tree yielding its fruit every month. The leaves of the tree were for the healing of the nations. Revelation 22:1-2

MOTTO:
EACH ONE REACH ONE, EACH ONE TEACH ONE until we become a powerful force across the nations.
Then He said to His disciples, “The harvest truly is plentiful, but the laborers are few. Therefore pray the Lord of the harvest to send out laborers into His harvest.” Matthew 9:37-38  
River and Tree of Life Foundation (RATOLF) is a Christian Foundation based in Pretoria South Africa, Abuja, and Lagos, Nigeria. It was founded in February 2010 in South Africa and registered in Nigeria in 2018 by Pastor Remmy-Greenpasture Adekunle Peter and his wife Minister Mwaka Gift Peter. The emphasis is on Recovery, Restoration, and Reconciliation.

ABOUT US
RATOLF is a registered non-profit and public benefit organization with registration No. (2010/017675/08, South Africa) and registration No. (CAC/IT/NO 112169, Nigeria)
River and Tree of Life Foundation Nigeria (RATOLF) is an organization dedicated to the support of the Neglected and Abandoned children, Ministries, Prisons, Youth, and Community empowerment, also; our attention will not be shifted from churches, as well as ministries by supporting them in the offering of strategic programs which will help in acquisition and development of leadership knowledge that will help in Church/Ministry growth.
River and Tree of Life Foundation was founded by River and Tree of Life Ministries South Africa in 2017. It started in 2010 as Shekinah Glory Word Assembly Ministries (SGWAM) with the registration number 2010/017675/08 and then metamorphosed progressively to River and Tree of Life Ministries International. River and Tree of Life Ministries International (South Africa) have been a blessing to the people of South Africa since 2010. It has been involved in youth empowerment and community outreaches by helping the poor, feeding the needy, assisting the homeless and the less privileged, as well as helping the orphans. 
Since 2010, River and Tree of Life Ministries International (R.A.T.O.L.M) has been serving South Africa in two provinces; Gauteng and Northwest province area, through supporting Early Childhood Education programs, and being involved in community development. R.A.T.O.L.M has been supporting the poor, the needy, and the elderly with food parcels and clothing, etc. Now, River and Tree of Life Ministries are extending the same love to Nigeria, other African nations, and the rest of the world, by starting, River and Tree of Life Foundation.
Be part of the vision by supporting the River and Tree of Life Ministries International today.

OUR PURPOSE
Our Vision, Mission, and Beliefs
We believe God is moving hearts to give like never before, from the nooks and crannies of the world. So, we want to be there – on the frontline of this modern-day generosity movement, and we’re here to help you be a part of it too.

Our mission:
Mobilizing resources by inspiring Biblical generosity to small churches, communities, children of less privilege, youth empowerments, helping orphans, widows, and widowers, and not wishing away the prisons in the rural areas and communities,many rural communities or undeveloped communities.
It is an open secret that Christian ministries struggle with exposure, resources, and structure, our foundation will provide solutions to support their vision, help the children to achieve their goals, and their dreams to succeed as-well-as to support them in growing their ministries and their careers.


Our vision:
Every person reached and restored through the Gospel of Jesus Christ with love.
Each one Reach one, Each one Teach one until we become a powerful force across the nations.

OUR SUPPORT AREAS
The possibilities for support, include funding and organizing:
Neglected and Abandoned Children, Christian counseling, Training soldiers for the Lord, Seminars for people suffering from depression, Christian Training on Entrepreneurship to the community, Supporting the poor and the needy, and the elderly with food parcels and clothing, etc.
•	Community Outreach/Community Impact
•	Youth Empowerment
•	Prison Outreach
•	Global Outreach
•	Helping the Orphans
•	School of Worship
•	Building Projects
•	Land Purchases
•	Church and Ministries Registration.
•	Media Ministries
•	Ministry Interns
•	Ministry Interns


Our Commitments
River and Tree of Life Foundation generate and provides resources for strategic projects and outreaches, into the local and global communities, while communicating the love of Jesus Christ in practical and tangible ways.
River and Tree of Life Foundation support the expansion of small communities, small Churches / Ministries, Youth Empowerment, Prison outreaches. RATOLF Engages young people through community-based Education, Mentoring, and Training on how to choose their careers, for those brilliant students who would like to study abroad, we will connect them with the best universities in the world. RATOLF will engage the youth on how to be involved in entrepreneurship in the future and rollout employment readiness programs to help them develop skills and strengthen ties with the kingdom of God, family, and community. In this way, the church can reach more individuals in their community and around the world, helping them in spiritual and tangible ways.
The Foundation also will provide an excellent stewardship opportunity for those seeking to invest in the Kingdom of God. The foundation will utilize funds received for projects in both the short term and long term. The funds will be promptly put to work where they can have a significant and immediate impact, while other funds will be responsibly invested to meet future needs.
The Foundation’s Board of Trustees would evaluate all applications based on need and without partiality or restriction in the field of sectarian religion. We would invite you to submit an application if your Church,community, and your Ministry meets one or more of the objectives of the River and Tree of Life Foundation.

OUR Statement of Faith
The Bible is the inspired, only infallible, and authoritative Word of God. There is one God, eternally coexistent in three persons: Father, Son, and Holy Spirit. God the Father is the creator of heaven and earth and the sustainer of all things. There is but one God, infinite, eternal, and perfect in holiness, truth, and love. The deity of Jesus Christ of Nazareth, His virgin birth, His sinless life, His miracles, His vicarious and atoning death through His shed blood, His burial, His bodily resurrection, and His ascension to the right hand of the Father, and His return in power and glory.
He is the Head of His body, the Church. God the Holy Spirit convicts the world of sin, righteousness, and judgment unites man to Jesus Christ in faith, brings about the new birth, and dwells within the believer, enabling him to grow in sanctification and righteousness, and become a gift of God to the church. The salvation of the lost and sinful man, regeneration by the Holy Spirit is absolutely essential. The present ministry of the Holy Spirit, by who’s indwelling the Christian is enabled to live a godly life.
The baptism of the Holy Spirit, with the evidence of speaking in tongues, is available to all that believe in Jesus Christ, and will totally surrender their lives to the complete, perfect will of God. The gifts of the Holy Spirit (the word of wisdom, the word of knowledge, faith, gifts of healing, working of miracles, prophecy, discerning of spirits, diver’s kinds of tongues, and the interpretation of tongues) are available through the Holy Spirit and are for the church today.
The fruit of the Holy Spirit (love, joy, peace, longsuffering, gentleness, goodness, faith, meekness, and temperance) and the character of God must be evident in the life of every disciple as preconditioned for the resting and manifestation of the Seven Spirits of God (the Spirit of the Lord, the Spirit of wisdom and understanding, the Spirit of counsel and might, the Spirit of knowledge and the fear of the Lord) sent forth into all the earth ( Gal 5:22 & 23; Isaiah 11:1 & 2; Rev 1:4; Rev 4:5 and Rev 5:6).
Character is the stability of the anointing. Man was created in the image and likeness of God. Through the original sin of Adam and Eve, mankind fell from God and became sinful in nature. He is totally incapable of returning to God in himself and is lost without hope, except by the salvation of our Lord Jesus Christ, through His grace. The Church is the Body of Christ, whose task is to take the gospel to all men in all nations and make disciples of them.

The Spiritual Unity of the Believers in Christ Jesus.
We believe in healing, good health, and wholeness as God’s will for mankind. We believe in the corporate worship of believers in a local church and in witnessing our faith. We believe in stewardship of all assets evidenced in generous giving, offerings, etc. The resurrection to eternal life for believers and the resurrection to damnation for unbelievers. The consummation of all things including the visible personal return of Jesus Christ the resurrection of the dead and the translation of those alive in Christ into the presence of God. The marriage supper of the lamb, the Millennial Reign of Christ, and the final judgment.

-------------------------------
Adebayo Okeowo (Ph.D),
Advisory Board (RATOLF)

Adebayo Okeowo is a human rights lawyer with over a decade’s experience working around issues of socio-economic rights, environmental justice, and international criminal accountability. His current focus is on exploring, through research and practice, the intersection between human rights and technology.

In his role as the Associate Director of Programs, Regional & Partner Engagement, Adebayo provides strategic insight and guidance on the day-to-day operational and programmatic work of WITNESS across the regions, ensuring that human rights impact is achieved for the communities we support, center and serve. Previously, Adebayo led WITNESS’ work in Africa, where he implemented projects seeking to secure justice for victims of police brutality, war crimes, technology-facilitated violations, and environmental crimes. 

In the course of his career, Adebayo has worked for the Centre for Human Rights in South Africa, Global Rights Nigeria, and the Commonwealth Human Rights Initiative. He also served as the Lab Manager at the University of Pretoria hub of the Digital Verification Corps project – a collaborative initiative between Amnesty International and six universities around the world which uses digital tools to verify citizen media with the aim of advancing accountability for atrocities.

Though a self-taught photographer and filmmaker, he has won two human rights photography awards and had his work exhibited in Italy, Mauritius and South Africa and has executed campaigns focusing on the rights of vulnerable groups such as persons with albinism, women, and older persons. In 2017, he delivered a TEDx talk on the <a href="https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lhIwfRJ4Wo8" >Visual Disruption of Injustice.</a>
Adebayo holds a doctorate on International Human Rights Law from the University of Pretoria, South Africa, a LLM from the same university, and a LLB from the University of Ilorin, Nigeria. You will find him tweeting about social justice, international criminal accountability, human rights and technology via <a href="https://twitter.com/AdebayOkeowo/" >@AdebayOkeowo</a>


-------------------------------
-------------------------------
-------------------------------
-------------------------------
-------------------------------
